UNITY-8284 create-variation-products (#1296)
ePages-de/epages-docs: apps/data-types.md

| link | [link](page:apps-data-types#link)| The link to the product variation. |
| attributeSelection | array of [attributeSelection](page:apps-data-types#attributeselection) | The attribute of the selected product variation. |

## variation (create request)

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| - | - |  - |

> | productType | string | Unique name (alias) of the product type. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| productType | string | The unique name of the product type. |
```

> | visibleAfterCreation | boolean | Indicates if the new variation products are displayed in the shop after creation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| visibleAfterCreation | boolean | Indicates if the new product variations are displayed in the shop after creation. |
```
